Google Workspace: Add Copy Markdown Link and Copy HTML Link actions (#10825)
raycast/extensions: extensions/google-workspace/CHANGELOG.md

# Google Workspace Changelog

> ## [Added copy link Markdown and HTML options] - 2024-02-19
> - Added the ability to copy a link to a file list item to the clipboard as markdown or HTML.∑ This is useful for quickly sharing links in various applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Added Copy Markdown Link and Copy HTML Link actions] - 2024-02-19

- Add the ability to copy a link to a file list item to the clipboard as Markdown or HTML. This is useful for quickly sharing links in various applications.
```
